How well does our method perform in different data regimes and languages?
How do transformer-based language models construct predictions?
How do different medical generation models perform under our evaluation?
How can we improve the robustness of the large promptbased semantic parsers?
Which perturbations affect performance the most?
Can we maintain the LLM's ability during continual learning without using real data in previous training stages?
Can we precisely modify the toxic regions in LLMs to achieve detoxification?
Can the varying saliency requirements across different tasks be analyzed?
Does JCB perform better than existing methods?
Do human and automatic metrics rank systems similarly?
Does Prompt Expansion balance between aesthetics and text-image alignment?
If similar documents cannot guarantee the same distribution of event labels, does it make sense to pursue x r to be similar to x in retrieval process?
Is Recipe Title the Best Retrieval Query?
How does HyCoRec perform compared with all baselines in the conversation task?
Which features are important for detecting norm violation in synchronous conversations?
Is the automatic scores generated by GPT4 agree with human perspectives?
How effectively does MAIL work in real-world VQA tasks?
How can a grammar inducer show robust performances across multiple domains and datasets?
How can visual and textual features be effectively integrated, than solely depending on captions?
Without annotated data from the low-resource KBs, how can the PI plugin learn to extract and utilize questionrelevant schema information from their schema plugins to induce programs over these KBs?
Which prompt performs best and why?
How does HiCore perform compared with all baselines in the conversation task?
To what extent do sentiment lexicons boost sentiment analysis using pretrained language models?
What is the impact of demonstration on token representation in incontext alignment?
Can models learn explicit and principled cross-linguality in multilingual pre-training without any supervision?
Can LPO facilitate the generation of more faithful, helpful, and concise evidence?
Do our methods lead to better single-label learning?
How does the prompt format affect the importance of randomness factors?
Do we really need a full fine-tuning of all parameters of a PLM to reach state-of-the-art performance on downstream tasks?
How does a masked language model acquire the concept of neighborhood even though absolute position embedding learns without the information about the order of the tokens?
How can we efficiently prevent the loss of pre-trained knowledge in pruning to preserve or even enhance robustness?
Does human QG improve localization?
Can models correctly predict if a sentence contains coherence errors?
How robust are existing state-of-theart table-text encoding models to semantic preserving perturbations in the input?
Is human-aligned metric better at distinguishing between different levels of human-like quality of system outputs?
What are the impacts of different SFT strategies for composite data?
How do humans interpret LM-generated epistemic markers?
How can we improve our models, and possibly our dataset and task formulation?
Does the model generate novel knowledge that does not appear in ConceptNet?
How well do coarse and fine domains transfer to each other across the hierarchy?
Which MT strategies for handling genderneutral pronouns work?
How can we align large language models for content generation tasks using expertdefined standards?
Would the results hold if we use a different language model as the red LM?
Since document-level EAE doesn't satisfy the hypothesis of similarity-based retrieval, how do we design the retrieval strategy for document-level EAE?
How good are end-to-end large language models used alone for generating hedges when finetuned on a peer-tutoring dialogue dataset?
Since ID and OOD examples can be more easily distinguished when the measurement disagreement is larger, can we improve outlier detection in OSTC by directly maximizing such measurement disagreement between ID and OOD exam-ples?
How does the amount of publications correlate with linguistic diversity?
Can LSR be more effective with retrieval-oriented entity candidates?
Do all papers evaluating these models include a fair comparison with existing baselines?
Do EPLMs encode moral knowledge that mirrors the moral norms in different countries?
What aspects of commonsense knowledge are already accessible to larger language models?
Specifically, after learning on the k sets of parallel data with attribute annotation, to what extent can we transfer the attribute controller to the remaining Nk translation directions?
Is it possible for these models to conceptualize and employ visual imagery despite their training limitations?
Does the impact of moving from 20 to 21 BLEU differ significantly from a shift from 60 to 61 BLEU in different system pairs?
Do LLMs understand the difference between semantic and orthographic similarity?
How does the proposed RoseLoRA benefit knowledge editing tasks?
How can we quantitatively compare methods without model selection?
Our aim is to investigate the extent to which a system like ChatGPT could serve as a tool for teaching about aspect; in other words, what does ChatGPT know about aspect?
What is the core to defend against adversarial attacks for sparse language models?
What style combinations naturally occur in abstractive summarization datasets and can models automatically disentangle them?
Will model performance improve when all parameters in a model contribute equally?
Can smaller LMs, e.g., BART which is about 400 smaller than GPT-3, support reasoning and inference in an end-to-end manner?
Are there inherent distinctions between human-written texts and machine-generated texts in an open-domain setting, irrespective of their topic or content?
How can we design model scaling recipes and derive scaling laws that maximize retrieval performance?
Do corpus statistics support previous cognitive science studies?
Can we learn meaningful user communities?
Can POET boost reasoning abilities of giant pre-trained language models?
Could we conserve cache space occupied by recent tokens by only preserving the past key-value states of critical tokens?
Do the answers to the two previous questions differ between general and domain-specific models?
How to ensure that the PI plugin can extract and utilize useful schema information for program induction from schema plugins of different KBs, instead of ignoring the schema plugin entirely, directly learning to induce program over source KB during training, and consequently losing transferability?
How does SarcPrompt perform under the standard supervised settings?
What is the correlation between LC and readability?
How can a grammar inducer benefit from large-scale multi-media data with noisy text-to-video correspondence?
How does TABLEFORMER compare with existing table-text encoding models when tested on similar perturbations, both in terms of performance and robustness?
How can we design architectures that can interpolate between the compute trade-offs of Atomic DocIDs and Sequential DocIDs?
Given a set of target-domain synthetic QA pairs, how to select high-quality ones that are useful to improve target-domain QA training?
Does our best model, GPT-4, explain jokes as well as humans?
How is the knowledge of downstream tasks structured in a fine-tuned models?
Can the model obtain the capability to solve search tasks through instruction tuning on INTERS?
How effective is CODE-SCRIBE compared with the state-of-the-art baselines?
Which moderation functions of expert moderators are taken over by users more frequently?
Are prompts optimized by existing gradient-free methods robust to distribution shifts?
Does the model generalize well to unseen services?
Does GPT-4 eval correlate with human eval?
How effective are nearest neighbors retrieval methods for occupational skill extraction?
How does the detectability affect efficacy?
How well do prompts perform in different data regimes and languages?
What is an efficient way to improve the behavior of small pre-trained LMs on downstream tasks?
How does L2I perform on HQA?
Does the performance of the model vary with different ratios of general and specialized data?
How does BlendFilter perform compared to state-of-the-art retrieval-augmented baselines?
Does the feedback quality still remain constrained by the model's capability boundaries?
What is the impact of perturbed data on performance?
How can we train unstructured neural sequence models that generalize compositionally?
Does the order of user input, structured knowledge, and context matter?
How does fine-tuning change the underlying geometric structure of different layers?
How does SarcPrompt perform under the low-resource settings?
How does the Coast Guard maintain the safety and efficacy of the country's marine transportation system?
How does our model contribute to QA accuracy compared with other state-of-the-art methods?
How do gender-neutral pronouns affect the overall translation quality?
What can we learn from collective human opinions on natural language inference data?
Does Auto-Debias affect downstream NLP tasks?
How can we build high-quality datasets with little human effort for personalized target-oriented dialogue?
How much do analogies of analogous relations in ANALOGYKB contribute to performance?
How does STEMCORRUPT improve compositional generalization?
How does natural selection interact with genetic drift?
How can we operationalize lessons learned to improve ASR evaluation for under-resourced and endangered languages?
Does the aforementioned evaluation reflect true model capability?
Can knowledge triples help to reduce the number of passages while maintaining satisfactory performance?
Is a tree-query approach superior to a flat-query approach, which compares all hypotheses at single level simultaneously?
How does the LM performance in intent recognition and slot filling change when applied to synthetic dialectal data in both English and German?
How do HYDRASUM decoders learn different style features?
How does the robustness of the MSI system evolve with the domain shifts?
Is Chat-GPT also affected by the primacy effect?
What is the performance for LMs based on smaller models like BabyBERTa on downstream tasks that require fine-tuning?
What kind of intent representation is more generalized to transfer to downstream OOD clustering?
Do LLMs suffer from the same flaws as finetuned models?
How does our framework collaborate with task-specific finetuning models?
Is computer vision a bottleneck for topquality explanation generation?
Is in-context learning more robust to distribution shift?
Can we achieve finetuning-level performance by using thousands or even more examples as context?
Can SemDI consistently perform well across various ECI benchmarks?
Can we improve the training and inference speeds of DDPMs and significantly alleviate GPU memory pressure by operating directly on the speech signal itself?
How does UID explain the reason that our TOPT outperforms all baselines?
Does adversarial in-context learning improve robustness?
If NNOSE actually retrieves from other datasets when they are combined, and if there is a sign of leveraging multiple datasets, then; 3 How much does NNOSE enhance performance in a cross-dataset setting?
Could a single shared module encapsulate the same level of knowledge as language-specific modules?
How effectively do end-to-end models perform when generating hedges on their own?
How does model size influence the quality of generated paraphrases?
Does ANALOGYKB help LMs generalize to outof-domain analogies?
Does having more hypotheses guarantee better performance?
How do the latent spaces compare between base 1 and the fine-tuned models?
Do TBS models produce better responses than standard end-to-end RG models?
Given that RoBERTa is not a leading RE model, we seek to answer the question-how do sets of learned training instances differ between RoBERTa and the SOTA RE model?
Are the constrained learning and boundary-adjusted mechanism the key factors affecting the performance?
What randomness factors are important for different approaches for learning with limited labelled data?
Can LLMs effectively perform Arabic NLP and Speech processing tasks without prior task-specific knowledge?
How does increased LRL representation in the vocabulary impact accuracy?
Can they compare bias in different articles and in other texts beyond Wikipedia articles?
How do LMs differ in terms of robustness to dialectal perturbations?
How does history length affect ICL's performance?
Can synthetic fine-tuning and evaluation contribute to the performance on OOD data and real-world applications?
To what extent do LLMs learn generalizable reasoning abilities?
How to reduce the risk of overfitting of pre-trained language models caused by pruning?
Do LLMs suffer from the same flaws as fine-tuned models?
Do features that correlate badly with model rationales improve the performance of a model enriched with these features?
Does Crowd-sourcing Introduce Annotation Artifacts to Dataset?
Does such a system fit the definition of a task-oriented dialogue system that are traditionally designed to assist users in completing their tasks such as restaurant or flight booking?
do TBS RG models generate knowledge that makes sense and is relevant to the dialogue context?
How does chain-of-thought reasoning ability emerge with large-scale pre-training?
Which bot provides more effective ES, i.e., is more likely to elicit users to change their emotions from negative to positive?
Can we effectively make Llama-2 translate both from and to unseen languages by fine-tuning it with a small amount of data?
How well do end-to-end models perform alone for generating hedges?
What is the effect of data size on predicting automated reference-based MT metrics?
Do language models spontaneously use different types of hedges in a human-like way?
How to enhance the interaction ability of the agent system through the underlying model's robust intention understanding?
Since QuALITY questions require different reasoning strategies to solve, what types of reasoning does PEARL help improve the most?
What are some ways that city planners might improve traffic flow at busy intersections?
Does prompt optimization lead to better aesthetics?
Is it essential to generate queries for knowledge selection?
Can alternative data partitioning strategies yield less variable estimates of a model's generalizability?
Is there a PEFT method that can be effectively employed for tasks that require editing the internal knowledge of language models?
Is sentiment analysis related to paraphrasing?
We first compare the algorithms on exactly the same underlying dataset to answer the question how does concept discovery quality compare across clustering algorithms?
Are relationships between individual instances made explicit?
How does compression affect lxmert's OOD generalization ability?
How does question length impact localization?
Does the utilization of multiple positives yield more substantial benefits to the model compared to conventional CL with a single positive?
For example, does action understanding in VALSE correlate with verb understanding in SVO-Probes?
Is ChatGPT a general-purpose NLP task solver?
How is the evaluation quality of DOCLENS compared to existing metrics?
Can LLMs understand the values behind linguistic expressions?
Does increased diversity of samples lead to better aesthetics?
How effective are the key settings in our model, such as smoothing CoV-weighting?
How do workers react to perceived privacy violations?
Do safety guardrails affect the quality of generated counterspeech, and in particular its perceived cogency?
Are the models able to implicitly learn when and how to generate hedges?
How do gaze features correlate with human and model rationales?
Do models utilize the image context of the caption to generate better explanations?
How does JCB perform on more unbalanced data?
We investigate whether individual HYDRA-SUM decoders learn different styles when trained using the standard training objective?
Why do the prompts optimized on source groups perform differently on a target group?
In which situations do AED methods make mistakes, such as detecting false positive errors?
Can HEAR reliably detect hallucinations and provide reasonable suggestions?
How can unfaithful reasoning be accurately identified?
How can we efficiently and effectively align powerful LLMs to individual user preferences, especially when personalized data is scarce?
How to design the training and pruning pipeline to achieve a good sparsity-performance trade-off?
Is multimodal information useful for ad text generation?
Can RapidIn effectively retrieve the poisoned data from the given generations that have been successfully attacked?
How are norm violations in live-stream chats, i.e. synchronous conversations, different from those in previous social media datasets, i.e. asynchronous conversations?; Are existing norm violation or toxicity detection models robust to the distributional shift between the asynchronous and synchronous platforms?
Can LLM-Embedder support the LLM's diverse retrieval augmentation need?
How does the importance of data-specific randomness factors change based on the number of classes and in-context samples?
Does lowering thresh after training cause the model to halt earlier, saving computation?
Can we use perturbation based data augmentation to achieve robustness at test time?
What is the tradeoff between ranking and relevance prediction performance for different methods?
How to encode sufficient information about each schema item of a KB into a schema plugin?
Can we approximate the original dense weight matrix using substantially fewer parameters?
Do these effects generalize to a new and more difficult situation?
Given the same input, does LLMs generate the same output multiple times?
How does HyCoRec alleviate Matthew effect in the CRS? word , and item reviews R contribute to the performance?
Is the performance of the generated query superior to other state-of-the-art approaches?
Does fine-tuning an LLM model help vs. in-context learning for explanation generation?
Why can a PLM with hundreds of millions of parameters be successfully fine-tuned on different downstream tasks using only hundreds or thousands of labeled samples?
In light of this reality, how might we engage local speech communities in the design of language technologies?
Is human-aligned metric better at discerning performance of independent NLG systems?
Can a model identify highly rated captions?
How does fine-tuning change the geometric structure of different layers?
How robust is the Distance for evaluating IR systems with respect to the feature extraction methods used to represent both the ground truth and retrieved items?
How much linguistic knowledge is encoded in PIXEL?
Does annotation benefit from gold labels?
How do the latent spaces compare between base and fine-tuned models?
Is textual entailment more related to question answering than named entity recognition?
Do models' explanations align better with certain demographic groups compared to others?
Are gaze features useful for enriching LMs for HSD?
Can ANALOGYKB better support analogy explanation for LLMs?
How does temporal data shift affect the robustness of financial sentiment analysis?
Do gaze features provide robust predictors for subjective hate speech annotations?
Do LMs share similar utility under the same DP budget?
Is it possible to assess the psychological safety of LLMs by utilizing quantitative human psychological assessments?
How does RANKGEN fare on existing suffix identification benchmarks?
Why are synthetic queries effective?
What is the relation between ICL's performance and model size?
How can models adaptively select and integrate knowledge from different sources during the reasoning, while reducing cascading errors in subquestions aggregation?
How can we exploit the properties of cross-measurement disagreements to promote disagreement maximization and rectify abnormal examples?
Does PIXEL learn syntax and semantics?
Can sparse latent typing improve the sentence level Natural Language Understanding ability?
Is there a fundamental distinction between feedback from other language models and self-feedback?
Can neural parsing models benefit from a joint approach to segmentation and parsing, similar to what has been observed in non-neural models?
How can we improve LLMs ethical reasoning and its alignment to underlying moral principles?
Do data quality and quantity matter for fine-tuning performance with synthetic data?
Can our model perform robustly to noise from irrelevant passages?
Are empirical privacy attacks effective on LMs with and without privacy protection?
How well does the response demonstrate understanding and sensitivity to the user's feelings and emotions by reflecting compassion, offering support or acknowledgment of the user's emotional state, and fostering a sense of care?
Can the proposed method effectively reduce epistemic uncertainty?
Does CoT prompting bring consistent improvement in temporal reasoning?
How similar are machine-generated paraphrases to human-paraphrases?
Does TBS produce better responses vs. endto-end RG?
Can we attribute aesthetic preference of prompt expanded images over straight-query images to improved prompt construction / engineering?
Given numeric premises, evidences, and a question, can the model correctly calculate the likelihood of events/states?
How does interpretability and analysis research influence NLP researchers in what they choose to work on, what they cite, and how they think about NLP altogether?
Which treebanks contain the most information that is actually usable by a parser, with respect to a naive baseline?
Does different components of our model affect the performance?
What features of target domains are predictive of out-ofdomain transfer?
How to assign sparsity to different modality-specific modules?
In what way does CoT enhance reasoning compared to standard few-shot prompting?
TBS more helpful for RG?
How widely can the bias scores computed by these models generalize?
How effective is our method in affective reasoning tasks?
Can automated reference-based MT metrics be reliably predicted without the reference?
How does instruction-tuning affect ICL's performance?
Can FACTOR accuracy be improved by augmenting models with a retrieval component?
How should we combine widely available internet text, text on computer science, and scarce corpus on machine learning to improve performance in the machine learning domain?
Under extremely limited general data resources, does the ratio of specialized data have an impact on the model's performance?
How can we effectively compare various clustering algorithms in relation to their ability to uncover these concepts?
Do supervised explanations help, even with GPT-4?
How effective are the perturbations, in general, in impeding LLM-assisted solution generation?
How does ALC compare with baselines using standard evaluation on free-form multiple choice question answering tasks?
Do LLMs get distracted by seemingly plausible alternate reasoning paths?
How well a grammar inducer would perform when it is trained only on noisy multi-media data?
How does an LLM-based agent solve KBQA tasks by serving as multiple roles, and its performance is comparable to systems trained specifically?
For different retrieval tasks, what specific benefits can LLMs offer compared to non-LLMs as the backbone encoders?
If PIXEL still retains much surface information in the higher layers, is it able to perform well on vision tasks?
Does ALC improve expected calibration error ?
How does our method compare to selecting a template based on the accuracy of a few-labeled examples?
Is it possible to leverage existing expert knowledge to enhance the efficiency of event coding without extensive annotation of new data?
How can we discern the effectiveness among possible measures available for evaluating conceptbased explanations?
Is there a disparity in the number of NLP publications across different countries?
How to learn semantic utterance representations to provide proper cues for clustering?
Does jointly optimizing the elaboration generator with the answer predictor outperform approaches that merely retrieve knowledge from trained models, if at all?
How do different optimization settings impact performance?
Does adding orthographic constraints to the input enhance the linguistic capabilities in PIXEL?
How do we properly leverage large language models and the power of scaling model parameters to benefit generative retrieval on large corpora?
Does scaling the underlying dataset improve concept discovery?
Is TBS knowledge generation better than other knowledge-augmented RG?
Does mixing features and labels in the first stage lead to better label distribution learning in the second?
How can we automatically discover more high-quality labeling rules to enhance the performance of WSL?
What is the impact of model size on the performance of CODESCRIBE?
Does Prompt Expansion increase diversity of the generated images?
Does the effectiveness of leveraging multiple positives still hold for stronger sentence embedding models?
Do bigger T5 models generate better explanations?
How well does RANKGEN generalize to shorter and longer prefixes?
Does task interference exist in parameter-efficient multimodal instruction tuning?
How can requesters ensure that workers fully understand a task and complete it accurately?
How do the interactions between randomness factors affect their individual importance?
Do PLMs Learn to Become Calibrated?
