Do IC1 and IC2 verbs generate different expectations in language models for next mention in otherwise identical contexts?
Can the model perform similarly on recognizing basic visual information in the images from different regions?
Do Delta givers present higher levels of linguistic accommodation?
Causal inference methods study the change in a response variable following an intervention; for example, how do health outcomes change after a patient stops consuming nicotine products?
How does our approach compare with BM25 or Bimodal for first-stage retrieval?
Do OPs present higher levels of linguistic accommodation?
Could surface-form based metric like ESM reliably track improvements in semantic accuracy?
How calibrated are deterministic and stochastic BERT-based rankers?
Can C identify both extrinsic and intrinsic hallucinations?
How does 2SAPS framework perform on MTLS task compared with other MTLS baselines?
What impact does BERT have on standard event composition models?
Can some of the spoken word processing effects normally attributed to phonology be instead explained in terms of phonetic perception?
Can a model trained on the original VCR dataset generalize well to solve reasoning questions require commonsense specific to other regions?
Would QG task benefit from LXMERT model?
Why the techniques like knowledge distillation and source-target alignment can help NAR generation?
What picture of models' syntactic generalization emerges when evaluation is brought to scale, across dozens of controlled syntactic tests?
What impact does re-contextualization have on BERT embeddings for event prediction?
How to further improve the transfer learning capabilities of these generative models?
How can we integrate knowledge about outcomes that doctors gain from medical literature and previous patients?
Are PAIR generations similar to humanwritten text in discourse structure?
Can we simultaneously leverage small strongly and large weakly labeled data to improve the model performance?
Does BLEU correlate with human judgement on large scale?
To what extent do these language models capture the linguistic knowledge required to perform discourse modeling?
Can MCP's improvement generalize to unseen, low-resource languages?
Do different further pre-training tasks have different effects on different downstream tasks?
Does the extent of neuron sharing across structures correlate with human intuitions of syntactic similarity?
Does our framework address the transferability challenges?
