Can machines mine scientific papers and learn to suggest new directions?
Is MSLT consistently superior to SSLT, at least in the evaluated environments?
Is focusing on a specific component of the hate speech better than generally attacking the entire message?
Is disparity in citation statistics consistent across research areas within NLP?
How dependent is ASR performance on the identity of the held-out speaker?
How the scale of training data would affect the performance and cross-domain robustness?
Do models' absolute scores differ between the two approaches?
How does ICL use the sequential and temporal information of events?
How can we effectively leverage the knowledge from LLMs to enhance the comprehensive understanding and reasoning of the images and questions in KVQA?
How can we leverage black-box adversarial perturbation techniques to impede LLMassisted solution generation?
How does HiCore perform compared with all baselines in the recommendation task?
How can we know if a method consistently places the shortcut tokens on top of its salience rankings?
Aspect-level preference Preference similarity between human and automatic metrics on identifying different levels of human-like quality Do human and automatic metrics rank the quality of system outputs similarly?
Do contextual vectors primarily reflect different kinds of meaning for abstract words besides word sense?
Do PLMs learn to become calibrated in the training process?
Can PLMs act as knowledge bases and also reliably reason using their own knowledge?
How does HyCoRec perform compared with all baselines in the recommendation task?
How effective is the proposed model architecture at DST in general?
Should we develop language-specific fact-checking models, or can we effectively utilize existing English models by translating claims and evidence into English?
Can metric estimation be used as a pretraining step for quality estimation?
Do language model prompts have to be understandable by humans in order to elicit desired behavior?
How do differences in the use of pre-trained language models affect overall performance?
One intuitive question is What causes the collapse problem in Open-LTG when using pre-trained MLMs?
Can existing detection methods effectively distinguish texts generated by diverse LLMs for various writing tasks in real-world scenarios?
How do data and losses impact fine-grained understanding?
Does CoT ability originate from code data pre-training?
How do annotators define constructiveness?
How do we gauge the difference between the latent variable E and designed implicit causes?
How can we effectively mitigate this issue for robust and versatile performance across various multimodal tasks?
Does fine-tuning always improve performance?
Can the policy learn to differentiate between both dialog modes?
Is the model robust to changes in schema such as different slot names and descriptions?
How does fine-tuning alter the representation to adjust for downstream tasks?
How do MT engines handle gender-neutral pronouns?
How detrimental is the transfer between different MT systems for metric estimation models?
To what extent do the instances answered by different post-abstention methods overlap?
Does mixing language features and labels lead to better ground truth estimates than those that use labels only?
How to mitigate the performance degradation of financial sentiment analysis in the existence of temporal dis-tribution shift?
How does the hyperparameter affect the performance of REANO?
Are the dilutions effective in deteriorating the classification performance of the multimodal classifier?, and are the added dilutions relevant to the original text + image, and maintain topical coherence with the existing text?
Whether these control tokens have the desired effects on their associated attributes, length and lexical complexity?
How does Fiverr protect freelancers' personal information?
How does the latent space evolve in a fine-tuned model?
Can controllable generation improve performance?
How do LLMs perform on our corpus of programming assignment problems?
Can we perform analyses on a specific person entity and measure its gender biases based on how its gender change its link prediction error?
Do zero-shot models understand dialogs?
Can models trained on ANALOGYKB acquire better analogy recognition abilities?
Does providing hallucination highlights and suggesting corrections improve human navigation performance?
How does changing entity embeddings affect the model's ranking performance?
Can Typing Sparsity Loss effectively control the sparsity of token selections?
Do multilingual sentiment lexicons improve the multilingual generalizability of sentiment analysis, particularly in low-resource languages?
How well can adapted models be applied out-of-domain, within and across ontologies?
Why does the prompt optimized on the source group perform even better than the prompt optimized on the target group in some cases?
Does the counter speech address all claims/arguments in the supporting speech?
Do prompt-based semantic parsers based on large pre-trained language models also suffer from adversarial attacks?
How much does the ability to solve tasks in a multi-step manner improve across different scenarios?
Which Fine-grained Models Perform Well on Fine-grained Tasks?
Does MSI outperform other insights methods?
How does the performance of LMs vary?
How are the latent types distributed over the encoded token representations?
Can neural language models advance reasoning abilities by imitating symbolic reasoners?
Does GPT-4 outperform GPT-3?
Does RANKGEN improve generation quality regardless of the size and pretraining dataset of the LM?
Does the shape of the neural response to words differ based on their recognition times?
How does our REANO perform against the baselines?
Should we use classical or neural topic models for label induction and content analysis?
If we can access some targeted OOD data X ood in the training process, what can we do to incorporate them into PTO to boost OOD detection performance?
How does the presence of core-linguistic concepts change during transfer learning?
What techniques do students adopt to avoid perturbations, and how do they validate their generated solutions?
How can instructors modify assignment prompts to make them less amenable to LLM-based solutions without impacting their understandability to students?
Can EPLMs infer the cultural diversity and shared tendencies in moral judgment of different topics?
